Look at you with your big headphones
Do we want to talk about CSS? Yeah, I was gonna bring it up
That's like see his raw CSS, and I think he's dumb. Let's start there
Can I tell you my my little journey very classy journey that I went on mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, so back in
15 or 16 I
Wrote this library called Legos dot CSS. It wasn't really what it was just a big file
And I was something I made public it was just oh just something I used across all my projects. Okay, mm-hmm
And it was just an ever yeah, just an ever-growing list of every single utility class that I I use
wasn't very like
customizable or reusable it was just like
my own flavor of stuff and
From 2016 to around 2019 maybe to right the beginning of 2020 I
Built everything that way so that kind of spanned I think across two different major projects with
No, much of like sub projects inside of them
And I really liked it and it was great and all the reasons why people used to I went today like definitely
Experienced that like having everything in line super easy to tweak
you feel pretty productive
then in 2020 I
Was like part of my team that I managed was in charge of building a
design system not just for
the company to consume internally but also to publish externally because they had this whole system where
Their parties could build UI extensions inside their ui so they were giving them
Giving them, you know UI components to to build with that so in that process
I was just exposed to like the whole wide range of ways you can do
styling just because we evaluated like everything and
Like you know, there were enough people on the team that particularly liked one thing versus another's like I heard all arguments and kind of understood it
and ended up settling I
Don't know we ended up sitting on there, but I personally ended up settling on
Like the styled component approach
the like coupling
styling to like your frameworks we have describing components and I found this to be a
Really good balance of it still felt pretty productive
But then your markup looked really clean and easy to read etc
And that's pretty much I've been doing things for the past since then since 2020
It uh, I never found the exact right library to do this the little library called stock components. I thought I
Just didn't like how it was just like random strings
Then this library called stitches came out which was I think had some really good ideas and I used that for a while
But that was like heavily runtime based I didn't do any kind of CSS extraction
So it was just really not performant and eventually got abandoned because it just didn't fit with the future of where react was going
And I jumped to another very cool micron and then then I went to something called panda
And I just got to the very classic point of being like, okay, it's been like
effectively like eight years since I
Looked at raw CSS
I am getting really tired of the levels of abstraction above it for all the same reasons people always talk about like, you know
There's no build tooling stuff being broken more to set up like stuff changing
And I just wanted to see okay, what does
Raw CSS look like in 2024 and I just found
It can do a lot of stuff that made it suck before
or like it was missing a lot of stuff that made it suck before that now it's just there natively and
There's a whole new way of expressing
Stuff that like I think totally changes how at least my perception of CSS was and the second thing is I found like a really cool pattern
From this library called Winnie UI it's good again. Like a design system, but I've mounted purely as CSS
That I found to be pretty compelling so the combination of these two things has made me really really like writing raw CSS
And especially with Liz working on radiant
Having that extra abstraction layer when she like
Understands HTML and CSS pretty well. They're just kind of slowing things down a little bit more than that needed
So yeah, I've been having a
really good time with it and I'm like really pleasantly surprised how
How far things have come and you you're like putting your CSS in separate files
That are like dot CSS files. Yeah, and you're naming. I guess all of your DOM elements or all your
HTML tags you're naming them with classes. Yeah, so this is something I already dealt with because the style component approach
Forced you to name everything which is an upfront pain, but long-term benefit because you can come back things are very very readable
But hang on there. There's a few layers here, right? There is so there's like the design system for like the really common components, right?
Like button checkbox
Stack row and those are built with like
Global CSS like there's these data attributes
Have you on any element if you do data dash component equals button? It'll look like a button
Whether that's an href or an actual button or like some other element
That's because you've written a bunch of raw CSS that targets that so like build your design system that way, okay
Yeah, why not just sorry the first question that comes to mind
But why not just like button it's a class name or not? No, not as a class name
Why not like write your design system in your CSS is just like targeting certain types of elements?
Why I have to do the data?
Yeah, because it solves a problem of you pretty much always want a button to look at button
But sometimes a button is a link. Yeah, sometimes you have an anchor tag
Yeah, look like a button or I got you imagine like all the react components
They have all this like really fancy kind of complex ways to solve this problem to use a different kind of underlying
Yeah, so I don't even need to wrap these in a react solid whatever component I can just use
div
But yeah, so like I do end up wrapping them
I probably will end up wrapping them, but it's just not necessary. It's like a bonus. You can use it at the lowest level
Yeah, and then the other pattern here is what I found to be really cool
Yeah, is I learned a lot more about this has selector. Have you used a bunch? No?
Okay, so wait, maybe another class like has checked and stuff like that. Yeah, but you can also check if
The current element contains another one. So for example, yeah, right?
I'll have an element button data component. Whatever. Hello. It's a bunzel. Hello, and I want an icon to it
So inside I add another component. Maybe an SVG with data - slot equals icon because it's filling the slot
Of the icon in the button. Mm-hmm then in the CSS. I can say if button has component has an icon component inside of it
Yeah, yeah, a lot of that stuff used to do through JavaScript before where you would be like in your component
You'd be like, okay, if there is an icon prop specified to add this additional class or Mm-hmm like has an icon or like add additional
Tailwind classes, whatever it is. So now you can express like pretty complex logics just in in pure CSS
And that's like really saved a lot of it like I basically don't I can basically add all those conditional logic inside just
CSS, which means if I take the style sheet and I drop it an email
Like it all all still work. I can now build my emails the same thing
Which is true of tailwind - you can call it paste the markup
But just implementing my design system at the CSS level and not at the component level
Has been pretty nice. So
It's so hard to imagine like I'm trying to think what would it take for me to actually
switch from tailwind to this and it's the two things that everybody brings up that I get so hung up on I
Guess the one is not that big a deal like talk back and forth between two different files
Or buffers, whatever. That's not a big deal
But the naming thing you don't struggle to like we have like three nested divs
And it's all just because you have to do stupid like flexbox stuff and you're trying to figure out how to lay it out
How do you name like the middle one like what is that thing? Yeah?
But I think I think the problem here is not having a good set of utilities at the lowest level by the way
I still have some utility classes in there
Just kind of like how it did back in 2016
I had just like some random utility classes that I I find like flex grow like I often you know, I'm just to fill that way
But I have row and stack components and that solves like a lot of
The one-off classes that I'd have to make in like a specific screen
But you know it doesn't solve all of it like I'm thinking about screen right now
I have like
Like a root class and I have like a header class
But then everything inside the header class is just a mix of stack row and buttons and there's a bread comb type layout
I don't mind the the naming like I think stack and row like reduce let's say 50 percent of what you'd have to name
And yeah, there is a trade-off. There is so just
Just thinks the name, but I think you pay the price
for not naming things either
You have to pay the price up front by having to name them or you pay it later when you go look at a
Bunch of nestidation L and you don't you can't really tell which
Level something is happening yet. Yeah, I get it. But most people work on zero to one stuff. They don't think about
Well, how am I gonna feel when I come back to this in a year, you know, right?
What's the the runtime implication? It's the same. I guess like tailwind versus raw CSS. Yeah, I mean ultimately tailwind just compiles to raw CSS
Right. I think my approach is worse and that there's this like I think tailwind is a nice property where there's this
What's the word?
Logarithmic curve to the amount of CSS produced because eventually
You know, it'll have generated all the different utility classes you'll ever use for any of your whole app
Whereas for me, like I might have two different classes
Representing two different elements that effectively have the same style so that end result of the amount of CSS that produces higher
I do wonder like it's funny because we all talk about this but like
If you really think about what I'm saying, I'm saying that I am going to send more duplicate markup
But you know what compresses really really well?
Duplicate markup. So I do wonder in practice like
With gzip effectively, it's funny. Gzip is like a generic way to solve the detooping problem
Right, like tailwinds a very specific way to solve it for CSS. Yeah, but gzip has a general algorithm to solve
It's true that so it's not gonna be as good, but you know, I've never I mean I would have never
Complained about the amount of data going over the wire with raw CSS versus tailwind. That's not a thing
I would think about it's really just the you know, here's the thing
I think tailwind is the best experience for going from zero to one. Yeah, it's true like just staining something up and
I just like going from zero to one
So it makes sense that I like tailwind
If I can avoid it, I'll just never go back to a project. Like if I can just go really hard on something
And then never touch it again. That's kind of my ideal. So I just I guess I'm optimizing for my ideal my ideal case
Obviously, it doesn't work for like a startup. I've had for 10 years where I constantly have to go back to it. But for other projects
It's great. Yeah, what I found interesting that tailwind does there's one section that I I think it's like really interesting because it's it's very different
than how
any other docs ever
Talk speak to you. But there's a question of like what about
Reusing stuff like if I have a button with nine utility classes on it and I want to use it more than one place
Like how come tailwind isn't solving this for me? And before they show you how
They can solve it for you through like features in tailwind. They're like
Okay, first make sure that you can't just copy paste it and it's like gonna be too much of a pain
Second check out your editor features like you might have a multi cursor feature
So if you have a bunch of buttons like or like near each other you can do multi cursors edit them all at once
um
Or you know, maybe your framework has an idea of loops like if you're making a list of items
Like you're probably only to find the mark of once and it's like running inside of a loop
So it's not actually an issue. So they like really factor in
The surrounding environment outside of tailwind whether it's your editor or your framework
When saying like you should rely on on those things
Um, I think that's true of my approach as well, right? There's a downside
Uh, my situation where the markup
is separate from the css
So if I need to change the markup, I need to go update it everywhere
Like if I this icon data slot thing if I decide to rename
Data slot icon to data slot something else have to go find every place that it's there and update it
But I can make the same argument, right? Like if you're using an editor where bulk operations are easy
This is not really a thing you want to like solve for encode
Um
Yeah, I did I do find that line of thinking pretty interesting because I was like I was going over all this with with liz
And we're reworking the radiant stuff to be more raw css
Um
And after I explain all the css part, I then explained
Here are a bunch of editor
Things you can do to make this less of a pain in the ass. That's all one thing
It's not like the code lives on its own and I expect any editor to be a great experience with it
We're both using the same editor. So I can say hey like just
If you're working on a file like mark the javascript file mark the css file to these
Keys and then just you can flip back and forth between them as basically like it's in the same file
But you know, you can't do that easily with any editor. So I can see why someone's like this experience really sucks
Uh, that made me think of two questions one
When do it when do we all get radiant? I need to do some personal finance cleanup
Maybe the beginning of the year. Oh, look at you. That's it's not a state where like we're able to use it. It's just
Yeah, it's one of those things where there's some products where you want to get it out as fast as possible because like
It's very undefined and you know what you're doing. Mm-hmm as other products that are
just like
So iterative on top of like stuff that's been tried
You know, like for years and years and years and with these I think you can spend a lot more time
Up front like getting certain things right because there's less. Yeah, that's variability
Um, but I'm pretty happy with how it's coming out so far
Uh
Yeah, we're just focusing way more on like making giving you tools to keep your data clean and not at all on
Here's how you budget, uh, which we might do one day, but for me the issue is always
Like can I get it cleans out of data?
Like can I automate everything so that stuff is remapped and like everything is clean and I do that once
Um
And there's just not good tools for that and it's funny because we could just eventually be an API only thing where you like manage all that stuff
and then
Other budgeting tools like implement specific budgeting ways using that data
Or use export into an excel sheet and you do whatever you want
Okay, I'm spending a lot more time on the
Make sure we get all your data. Make sure it's as accurate as possible
Spend like way more time on that than anyone else has yeah, that I would like that. I think I have that problem
Uh, second thing I was gonna ask is what what's it like teaching your wife to code?
This is a dream. I've had case. He's always resisted, but is it fun?
Yeah, I mean, I think I can't speak to it generally because there's like I think everything I have to say is very specific to
My personality interacting with Liz's personality and how our relationship works, but uh
Uh
I think Liz will admit this herself. She is not the easiest student
Um
But I'm also this way like I don't like I don't like I've never like learned something from someone
So I can kind of relate to that never learn wait. I want to get that quote down. You've never learned something from someone
That's what we would say. I'm saying I'm not someone that's gonna like
Do a course or like
You know have a teacher like I just it just doesn't that type of learning doesn't uh
Are you tweeting this out right now? Yes
Sorry, I just had to get that out there
Okay, now continue defending your statement and what you actually I don't
This the whole like mentor mentee relationship has just never been something that's clicked for me
Um, so I can relate to that
um, but her flavor of it is pretty funny because
She like anytime I tell her something and it sounds a little weird or not
Like what she expected
She just convinced that what I'm saying can't be right and she like she like resists and fights a lot
Um, yeah, and to be fair. I'm like pretty extreme about certain things. I'm just like
Because my way of teaching is to like really go extreme in a way that might not even make sense. Do you understand?
Like something about that approach. Yeah, so she's she's like that doesn't trust me and half the time like
It's like, you know, I'm like good at this, right? Like, you know, I've like
I've done this for so many years and like a lot of people think I'm good at this stuff
But you don't for some reason how many how many times
I think you're good. How many times a day do you say to her? Uh, isn't it funny how i'm always right?
It's not every day. It's usually like I build it up over
A series of weeks and then I use it every once in a while. Yeah
Wait, you don't think I think you're good at what was it? You don't think I think I'm sorry. I I met
I was saying that to her. You met for her. I got you. I can find you 100 people that think i'm good at this, but
For some reason you don't you're like instinctive to not think i'm good at it. That's funny
Yeah, and to be fair a lot of the way that I teach is kind of like
karate kid stuff where
You just do not understand why the hell
You're doing the thing and when you ask i'm just like shut up, you know
So i've been doing
That's funny. Yeah, but it's been good. I'm glad she's into it and I think she's
There's like areas of it that clicked with her more and she's a lot more motivated to do it
Like the shift back to css has her really motivated because um
She understands that stuff well
And just removing levels of abstraction is a it's always helpful when someone is
Uh
Can I make an observation that's unrelated all this? Yeah, that's just an overwhelming feeling and I can't go any longer without saying it
I think exercise is really important. I feel very depressed and it's probably because for like a week. I haven't moved
It's crazy how true that is
It's really true. Yeah, I hate that it's true, but it's very true. Yeah. Yeah, like when I when I went when I go through periods like that
I didn't like the day I start to snap out of it
I just can't believe how good I feel and how long I went without that that said i'm currently in that kind of
slump
But I but this is the first time I don't feel that way. Oh, well, you're not far enough into the slump. Maybe it's no
This is actually okay. So here's two things of it. I
Don't really feel as bad as I normally do both mentally and physically and when I say physically
I mean like when I like look at myself, I'm like, I usually do great in certain ways and I've gone through this
enough times where I've like seen that but I feel like I just haven't and I don't want to like
Completely correlate this because like who knows but if this whole like diet I'm doing
I feel like it's like somehow related to that because the only thing that's changed takes some beef talent
Yeah, like my I like
There's like I said, I've gone through phase where I worked out a lot and I stop for a month and I see exactly like okay
My traps like decreased by this much like I can just like easily easily see that
And did you say your traps? Yeah, for some reason whenever I work out like my traps
Like really big really quick and then when I stop they like
It's awesome. Hey, I mean, I don't know if it's awesome like it's it's like I actually don't like
that part being so muscular but
For whatever reason maybe the workout I do just a very like shoulder focus. Yeah. Yeah, that's so it's a nice stop
I can just see that shrinking and it's like way the way I measure like how out of shape I am
Yeah, it's been a very long time and they haven't degraded that much
Um, I think I'm just consuming like way more protein than I that'll do it. Yeah, I normally do
Yeah, I've just uh, I think it's been like three months that it's such a slow fade for me
Like I stopped going to open mat. That was my main jiu-jitsu
Practice and then it's like travel and stuff has just made it where
It's yeah between travel and then just random life events
It's like I was I was going from two or three personal trainer sessions a week
To like two or one and then it was just one and then we like missed a couple weeks
And then I got one in and then I missed another week
So it was like once in a whole month I had gone
And then kasey's been gone this week
which has been the
Just like the exclamation point on the whole thing because I literally haven't been able to go for walks
like I've got the boys so I'm just like
I I get no physical activity and
It's just resulted in this culmination of like
What happened? It's it's like it all snuck up on me and then
I just realized how inactive I've been for like two or three months
Yeah
Like I was hanging on by a thread and then I just cut the thread this week and
And it's all caught up in this like mental
feeling of
Like the coffees just not doing it for me. I'm not getting up every morning and like ready to tackle the world
And I think it was mostly just the exercise. Okay. I hate it. I hate that that's true. My question is though
I've gone through the same exact thing where like i'm on it
And then like a few different things happen back to back and just totally knocks me off of
The thing I was on all your habits. Yeah, but then what I just started doing was reducing
the
amount of friction it takes from
To like just go do something because I it's like, okay. I used to go to yeah the equinox near me, which was a
Five minute drive. So it's getting the car. No drive. Go do it
Um and I come back
Uh, then I was like, okay, that's even that burden like the moment my life isn't like
Chill like I start to like fall off of that. So let me just go to the gym at the end of my street
So then now the burn just get walking out of my house and walking down to it
Then even that became like, you know
A little too brittle then I was like, let me just work out my backyard
And that like kind of helped none of this I actually solves a real problem, but it just feels like
Like the margin for error is higher because I can always do something
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is that work for you or no? Uh, so here's what I would say
I've definitely had this thought
that
You know, it's getting too hard to like sync up with my personal trainer
It's 15-minute drive there, which isn't that much
But it's like, I mean in the Ozarks, that's not very much. I know in a city. That's like forever
But it's not that big of a deal to drive 15 minutes there 15 minutes back
It's more that his schedule is very restrictive. So I have to go at like this time of the day
That's so hard. Yes. Okay. So that that was the issue
That was the exact issue of the gym on my streets because they're across for gym
And I just wanted to use them for open gym and they only had like
Like three slots in a day for like an hour and a half
And then if I missed it, it was just it's very hard to have those kind of like restrictions on a day. Yeah
Uh, so I think
Okay, I'll just start working out at home because we have we have pretty good setup here at the house. Casey works out at home
that's like
super low friction
The problem is
If I start trying to do like especially string training stuff on my own without a personal trainer, I'm so
I'm so unmotivated. I like
It's easier. I think Casey has a good time because she does like hit workouts and stuff
And I think youtube is rich with right those types of workouts
There's plenty of them and you can just get on some plan and do a hit workout every day or whatever
Strength training. Maybe it does exist on youtube. I've never gone down that if I just don't have a plan and I go into the gym
It's two problems one
I don't have a plan. So I just kind of aimlessly do a bunch of stuff
And it just I don't push myself that hard
And then two is the not pushing myself. It's the not having
just like if I did have a workout not having the uh, discipline
or
Motivation to like really wear myself out. Yeah, like one session with my personal trainer
He just kills me and there's stuff I would just never do to myself and like I hate every second of it
But I know if I show up at the gym for that hour, he's gonna push me really hard
I just can't do that to myself for some reason. Yeah, I really have to have that like accountability
I don't know. Yeah, I mean that that's like the fundamental truth like so Liz has been working a personal trainer for the past couple months
And yeah, it's like
Like she's she's she's been on a pretty good run for the past two years in terms of like working out
but in the past couple months just like
It just works like when you work with a personal trainer like it just works and you just it just works
As long as you show up. Yeah, but when I first got into working out
Um, because I used to play a lot of sports, but I hated working out
Then once I became like an adult and I wasn't playing as much sports. I was like, oh, I have to like
Try to go. Yeah arbitrarily move my body in certain ways. Yeah, I got into it
and we talked about before through um
That mcguff workout thing I talked about where like it's like as much pain as possible
Um, and I watched a bunch of videos with some like bodybuilders that like
Just because they because they that's what you're describing is if you were trying to be a
Like a bodybuilder mine is a star. Yeah, like the actual working out part
uh
It's just about like pushing
To like your max when pain on your own every single day, right?
So almost like entirely like a mental exercise and I really understood it
Like okay. This is actually not my body physically failing. It's like i'm working out my mind to be like
Yeah, I could quit at this rep
Like my body can technically do one more. It's more that my mind is quick versus my body
um
So I didn't entering it that way like I and like the first
Like six months of me working out was kind of in that mindset so that that kind of helped
But the reality is is like even with that if I had a personal trainer, I would just do better
That's just a fact
So I don't know. I'm I'm on the fence. I really enjoy my personal trainer. We have a good report now
But his times just don't work very well for my schedule and that's always going to be a problem
And I feel like
If I could find somebody that I could do it like early in the morning or something that would be less friction
I don't know. I just got to start getting into it again. I got to get back into jiu jitsu
That was a nice hobby. Yeah, give me like a reason to want to work out
To get more fit to be better. The other pattern i've noticed in myself is
Um, so I really like trying training. I love just doing everything at the squat rack
Like just doing every possible exercise with the barbell
And I'll usually when I get back on it
I usually start by doing that because I enjoy it and I like really like doing that every day
There's not like any resistance to me
Going to do that
Now do that for a while and I'll get to like a pretty good place and I'll be like
Man like strung training is good. But like obviously for my health. I need to do at least some amount of cardio, right?
But then I'll be like, okay before I do my strung training
Let me just do just 10 minutes on a stairmaster or something and just like
I'm like win myself and I'll do that for a bit, but I don't like doing that
So eventually
I stopped doing everything because
I'm just like, uh, if I work out then I have to do the stairmaster and I don't want to do that today
You know, so it's kind of like the one thing that kind of ruins the workout
Yeah, so I've noticed that I've gone through this path a bunch of times where
I'm like, maybe I should just
Like obviously something is better than nothing
But I'm like resulting on landing on nothing. Yeah, I have a hard time with this. Yeah, same problem. And I'm like, maybe I should just
Find join some kind of sport and I can just count that as as my cardio
Which is probably what bj was for you. Yeah, the best part about sports is like
You wear yourself out and it's fun and you don't think about it
Yeah, like so much of working out or just like running or walking even it's just like the whole time
I'm just thinking about how I I hate this like this is pointless and I hate it
Yeah, whereas like a sport you're into it. You don't think about it
Uh, yeah jiu-jitsu is that for me. I think it still lacks something like the team sport aspect. Yeah, yeah
It's different early like yeah early in adulthood. I was doing like the basketball leagues like rec leagues city league
That was really fun. Do that too because it felt like yeah felt like high school sports again
And it felt like you have that
Like when the game starts, it's like intense. It's a different kind of feeling than just like a pickup game
Uh, yeah, I don't know. I I need something. I need something like that too. Yeah, the user mind
I think I told you about it before but
Uh, I did the same thing. I did like a rec basketball league with my friends in in New York for a bunch of years
The first year for some reason the league put us
And with a bunch of other teams that uh
Just were not at the same skill level is how I can put it
We went to our first game and I don't think we scored a single point. I think we might have scored like it was that bad
They and they just wouldn't stop like they they were up on like 50 points and they were just uh full core press and then like dunking
Yeah
And i'm like aren't you tired of this? Like we clean full core. Yeah full core press and rec league
New York city. Oh man. Yeah, it was ridiculous. Uh, I love it. I'm like
That was bad. Then then then they adjusted us and put us in some of them. I get in there. I put you in the
appropriate league
Oh, it's funny
Uh, love to have some video of that. Oh, we do have a famous dax photo from your basketball days your rec basketball days
Screaming that's not a rec basketball. Yeah. That's just us. That's just us. That's just us. Yeah, okay, pick up in New York
But I think I just so I I did
Go to one ultimate pickup ultimate game like a year ago when I first sort of like
I forgot I first went to Miami. Mm-hmm. And
I remember the next day my whole body was like, okay, this is insane
Like I can't believe all these places that hurt, but
That's not a bad thing. That's a good thing. That's like, okay. This means this type of thing
I totally enjoyed doing it played for two hours
And pervert workout. I just need to like get back into that
And then I never have to be like am I doing enough cardio because I have right I can just do this run training
Which I which I enjoy the other thing is I guess
I don't know how much I want to count this, but
I do technically like
Wind myself like get out of breath every single day because and as you know in the morning
I blow bubbles but in the evening to go get the second type of playtime
and
All I do is take this ball this like big green soccer ball type thing
And just try to keep it away from him like either like we played basketball on like dribbling
I try to keep it away from him or like
Yeah, soccer mode where I do it all with my feet
And I've never played soccer before and I've just gotten so good at not so good
But just like I picked up on all these like dribbling tricks just from trying to keep it away from him
And it is yeah hiring. It is so a lot of time because he's so fast and he can like change directions in like a second so
It is just like
Really tiring and I can usually only do it for like 10 minutes or so before I'm like completely
Wiped out so my activity I guess doesn't go to zero, but I don't know how much I can count that
Soccer is amazing like I'm even just dribbling just moving around with the ball is tiring
But like the field is so big in college. We we played like a pickup
Soccer game in college once and like none of us played soccer, but it was like we went to the college soccer field and just like
Played a random game. It is so huge and like the amount of running you do playing soccer
Like I remember playing as a kid, but I never realized and as a kid it's not
I'm not going to play as a kid. I just based it somehow. I just miss soccer
It just didn't yeah, it was another thing I ever did
I guess here at least in the midwest every kid plays soccer and then like nobody played like the high schools don't really have soccer
There's not enough. I don't know interest. Maybe that's changing, but
Uh, yeah, just like didn't really have any idea how large how large a soccer field was until college and then
We all just died one night trying to play soccer
I mean if you look at we're in pretty good shape. You look at a lot of like
The best soccer players. It does feel like a big part of their skill set is conserving energy for the right moments
Um, that makes sense like they're not sprinting all the time. Like if you watch what's a messy just walking all the time
Yeah, that's true. Okay, and all of a sudden he's just like they use they choose their moments. Yeah, yeah
Uh, and the whole like faking injuries thing. I think that's like a big part of just getting a break really
That's a like part of the soccer culture. Yeah fake injuries. Yeah interesting. No, we should say football
I guess for our international audience. Well, I was gonna say I was gonna talk about actual football. Um, oh, yeah
american football jay is a
Really into the nfl?
Just as a oh, yeah, he is. Yes. Same as a i was gonna say user. But he's as a fan as a fan
Also, he's called fans interested in the business of it and he was telling me a lot about of the nfl
Yeah, I think like he takes a lot of inspiration from the way they think and he was like they
view
Their sport more than everyone else as a product that they're trying to like scale as big as possible
Which means they're like constantly tweaking the rules and trying to figure how to deliver the most entertaining product
Possible, which is different from how other sports like not every sport is a naly like this like I think he was mentioning that
Baseball people feel more like there's a tradition to this and like we need to like stick to the tradition and honor it
Yeah, whereas nfl has like blown up like crazy in the past. I guess I know five 10 years because
They just view it is totally different thing. Yeah, it's so interesting
I'm also an NFL fan and obviously like I keep good tabs on all the leagues
Uh, just with my line of work
Bay baseball has like made some attempt at least in the last couple years
They've got like the pitch camp thing or the timer. Yeah, they're just so far behind like nobody wants to watch baseball
And that's their the inherent problem with baseball. It's like everyone's standing around. It's not very fun to watch
Yeah, it's still boring
But the NFL has like all kinds of problems to solve because
One they're yeah, they're always trying to make it a better product and they're trying to like spread it and take over the tv
Calendar because they've just got this huge lead in the us on all the other leagues
Uh, so they're like I think the chiefs play on every game every day of the week but Tuesday this year
Like they've now got christmas day games. They had a black friday game this year
They're just like very aggressively trying to take over
The tv calendar for the months that the NFL season's active
but they also have to deal with like the fact that
NFL athletes are insane and every year they just keep pushing the boundaries of like size and speed and strength
And they it's like they will kill each other
If they don't put certain rules in place to just make the game more safe. So that's the other thing they have to deal with is like
You've got this sport where there's collisions. It's very violent and you've got athletes who are just getting more and more
menacing uh and then a public that's more and more aware of like the brain injury side of the NFL
So that they've had to do all these things to make the game safer
Which could work against some of their goals with making it more entertaining
It's it's an interesting league to follow over the last decade like they've made all these changes that that you've got the old timers
Who feel like it's not even football anymore? You can't even hit the quarterback
But then at the same time like it's a better product than ever and it's more entertaining. There's more points or whatever
Yeah, I could talk about the NFL a lot. It's it's interesting. Well, he was saying who sent me that like it's be it's been such like this iterative
Optimize for you know the things you talked about process that no one even knows the rules anymore
But like it doesn't it doesn't really matter at all
Yeah, yeah, no, they they have like weird defensive things like you can't
Specific kinds of tackling and people don't even know what like what is a hip drop tackle
But like you can't do it and randomly it'll come up in some game because somebody got hurt
Yeah, it is interesting that what's
Interesting to me is that this year
So like they've done all these things to try and make it more exciting and more points and like generally favored the offensive side of the ball
It's like the defensive-minded people in the league caught up in this year
There was like this the first half of the season was just like terrible offense and like defenses
We're just limiting scoring it kind of unprecedented levels
And I think that's gotten a little better the second half of the season
But it is interesting like they can do all these things with the rules to try and make it
More exciting and then like defensive coordinators can just figure out how to make it not exciting again
Yeah, I mean I think everything in life works that way
There's like rules that work then eventually they get optimized out and yeah, I come up with a different really happens
Or it's happens in politics. It happens like happens everywhere, but I mean that's what's cool. It's like constantly
Evolving and not at all static
Like an f1 like there was just an era where mercedes just one every single race every single race
I've got to get into f1. I've heard people talk about this. Yeah, and it was like so boring
and yeah for like one driver, right was really
Louis Hamilton, okay, so
It's always like oh, he's so great
Like he like he literally wins every single like when I got into it
Was a round when he started to win a lot and so like this huge period of time
It was just like I ignored first place and it was more looking to see what was gonna happen in second or third
Yeah, I was like oh, Louis Hamilton so great mercedes so great
And it is like a team sport at the end of the day like with a lot of coordination going on
then um
there was one race where
There was a team that typically came like in the bottom like maybe a lot they were always friends like last one or two
I forgot what the reason was I think it's because this driver of that car is like super young and he was technically like sponsored by mercedes in some other way
They let him go in an f1 car. Sorry and a mercedes car
He like he like drove for that team. Yeah
instantly was just in first place the whole like I'd never seen him do anything at all and then he was just
like immediately like the best driver on the track and some crazy freak thing happened where like he got a tire puncture
And he ended up like losing
But he was literally about to win this random ass person just put in this car that he hasn't even practiced in that much
Is now like phenomenal. Yeah, so is more. It's more the car. Yeah, just in the engineering side
They're just like totally killing and an f1 added a rule about they added just like caps on the
Like what's called the there's a name for this in sport show when they cap how much a team can spend
Yeah, what it's called. Oh like a salary cap kind of thing. Yeah, like a luxury tax or whatever luxury tax
Yeah, yeah
So I forgot what exactly they did and you know it made stuff a lot more competitive
But uh, yeah, it was funny to see like for years or everyone's like and obviously those Hamilton is still a great driver
But it just felt like he was the one winning and then just someone else uses his car and they're like
Almost as good
Yeah
The interesting I know I've heard some of the f1 stuff
Like that the winning it's like as you win as a team wins
They get an advantage in terms of their budget or something
So they kind of get ahead on the r and d side because they're allowed to spend more or something
I don't know. I've heard that it's it's complicated because
the mercedes team
is attached to mercedes like
Multi-billion dollar corporation and like that's where they draw funding from
But there are teams on the track that are just like
Some random billionaires team and i'm sure they get asked to a lot of capital too
But obviously not the same level as like this is the marketing arm of mercedes like doing these f1 races
Right, um, so I think that created a lot of imbalance
Yeah, it's uh, the thing with f1 is
They also have a similar problem where it can be quite boring and it's really hard to
Make it better just because there's like you just can't control it. It's just a race at the end of the day
Like how much can you change about it?
Yeah
The moments where it's not boring are some of like the best
Things in sports
Yeah
But they're far and free between in most races you like go into it excited to see that but then it turns out
The three fastest people will just stay in positions one two three for the whole two hours
Nothing really really happens
So a lot of the reason f1 blew up was not because of
People watching the races it was because of the netflix series
Uh, drab to survive. Yeah, because i'm part of this
The reality show aspect of it is super super interesting
There's like so much drama behind the scenes
Um, just a lot of like complexity with like
The teams being pissed at the drivers their drivers being pissed at the teams and like a lot of this stuff
The complexity going on like you would just never see if you just watch stuff on the track and it also involves like
Traveling the world it's like a very like rich sport, right?
It's like there's like
One of the racers is like a billionaire son and just weird to think that there's like a billionaire like zooming around this track
um
And like he's like dad bought the team and then like it's just
yeah, there's like all is like
appealing stuff that's very entertaining but
Way wider appeal with that stuff than just literally watching the race. Yeah
Yeah, documentaries are so good because you do you get this peek into worlds that you don't even know exists
Yeah, I enjoy sports documentaries a lot too. I find it fascinating like the behind the scenes of
What just a giant industry that is sports
Yeah, I watched some of the like there's some NFL stuff that's interesting
Receiver and quarterback series. Oh speaking of media. I started well. I did listen to the first
Three-body problem book here. I finished it last night. How'd you like it? I didn't even know I was about to finish it
I didn't even know it was almost over. That's the interesting thing. Sometimes you listen to an audible book
You get really into it and then just suddenly it's like they're doing the credits. What that's the end?
Uh
It's so good actually. Yeah, really good. I'm I'm on the second book now. I don't know how many books there are but
I'm gonna try the the series. What are you making laughing because you're you're tweet about the names
About like not being able to tell us. Oh my god. Okay. I still don't know
Who half the people are because the names are chinese. You don't recognize them. It's uh, yes
And it's not very similar. So it's funny you say that because you who are like you commented on how it's difficult because you're like listening through it
Through audiobook. I read it. Mm-hmm. And I had a situation where I thought there was
I didn't realize two characters with the same character just from different time periods
I thought they were totally different people. I didn't realize till the end of the book like oh, yeah
That was the same name as the beginning, you know, I really need to look at like a diagram
that's like a tree like a family tree of characters from this book because
like I know a couple of them
Distinctly from the others, but the number of characters could be twice as many as I realize
It's you know, dashi. That's one of the matters. It's only I remember dashi. Is that the tough cop? Yeah
I said that he was the only character that said like the tough cop is like literally the one guy
Because like he has a different voice in the audible book. Oh, yeah, and it's like this very like grungy
Like I mean, you're reading my tough cop voice. There's not really a main character in that book
But that's like the most main character of the characters
Oh, really? Well, I guess in my memory. I would think yow. I would guess he I would guess yow me or whatever
Not yow me. That's a bad one player. I'm so sorry
It's close to that her name is like yow
I would have thought she was the main character like the one from the beginning of the death is the spoilers
But like the one who sends the thing at the beginning. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no not at the beginning
The one who sends the thing. This is in the middle of the book bounces it off the sun
I don't want to say what she sent. Yeah. Yeah, I know I would call her the main character
I can't that was the beginning of a book. Oh, really?
Interesting. Okay, I felt like that was squarely in the middle the beginnings all blurred to me to be honest
It was like story about her dad yow's dad
I don't remember his name and what she witnessed again. I don't want to give spoilers. Yeah, it's a great book
You should read the book. So watch the series whatever the reason I said there's not really a main character is because the book
And you can probably see you can probably already tell the story is set up to span like hundreds of years
So it's just gonna transition through different people
Um, the second book is by far the best one. It is oh really good. I've never heard it. They talk about
I remember like literally to the last page
But the best moment is understanding
Like basically the the excellent the thing you're trying to understand the whole book is literally explaining the last page of the book
So like up to the point of you guys and you're just like really into it and the
Accimation is so satisfying now. I'm super pumped and in the third book
What's funny about the third book is so he said he sets up the story right the thing you've read so far
Halfway into the third book that story concludes effectively
That but it's still half a book left and he just goes nuts
It's just like the craziest impossible to understand physics shit like you've ever seen
after it just becomes so like
Beyond the realm of anything understandable. Uh, it's still really good and interesting, but
Yeah, it's just like really wild. Is there just three books? Is that there's three books? Okay?
So
I'm realizing like it's this is the dumbest observation ever
And I feel like it's hard to even say this out loud without sounding super dumb
But like it's finally clicking to me that like science fiction
Is like science and it's super interesting like they make up science, but then there's probably also
Science no, so you so this book three body problem is in a specific sub genre of science fiction
And there's like a whole spectrum of this so there's a sub genre of science fiction called hard sci-fi
and hard sci-fi is a lot more what you're describing where it's like
Actual science that is all really probably most of it's very like correct and they're extrapolating
Stories and ideas out of that and this I would say is on like if you're trying to get into hard sci-fi
This is like the easiest entry point into that. I personally think anything past this level of hard sci-fi is like pretty niche
but
I into this book is unique in that
um
He did something in that category, but it was so like widely accessible and enjoyable. So he's very good at this and then um, yeah
Okay, the other sci-fi author that's like probably the best of our generation is uh, the guy that wrote michael crayton. What?
I don't know
I made Jurassic park
Yeah
He made other stuff come on don't don't don't like belittle his career
I mean, I love Jurassic park. I love dinosaurs. So I'm not belittling. There's there's a bunch of them. No, I know
Keep going
Man, what's a bank as in the guy that wrote the short story that became the movie arrival. I'm familiar with the movie
I didn't know there was a short story. Okay. Uh, it was also asian. Um, but he's american
gathered that uh
his writing is like
Insane like he like as a writer
There's this one short story me and liz listened to when we were driving from near to Miami
It's called uh things called exhalation. Mm-hmm and the and she describes it in this way. I think it's totally accurate
She's like there wasn't a single
Extra word
In the whole story. It's like so so so so beautifully written
like just as like uh forget the science part just as like a story as an expression of ideas that makes you feel something
And on top of that it is one of the most fantastic
explanations of the idea of entropy
That has ever been like thought of. Oh, so this person can like deeply understand science scientific concepts
and also turn it into like
Some of the best works of arts ever made and just like yeah, so mind-blowingly like so mind-blowing talented
You have to be so talented to be able to do those two things and uh
And the same thing with three body problem, right like one moment
He's like creating like plot devices out of like physics that involve like planets
The next moment he's like doing computer engineering. He's like, you know the whole thing where they like do that calculation
Uh-huh like he understands how computers work understands like that
You know a computer can be made from anything and understands that idea and turns out into like a plot device. So
uh, it's really wild these people are just like
Not human to me. Yeah. Yeah, so okay
So I like hard sci-fi because I think the project held mary book which I've talked about before on the podcast
It's kind of more in that direction too. It fits in that direction
Yeah, because it feels like you're learning stuff even
The hard thing for me is listening to these authors like Andy Weir. He also did the martian martian. Yeah, i'm also listening
Yeah, also listening to that one. I guess i'm getting into hard sci-fi hard sci-fi
uh
The the hard thing for me is not knowing what's true
And what is made up because I assume some of the stuff they're talking about they can't really know
Like it's beyond the levels of science that we as humans have uncovered
I think everything in the book is plausible. Like it's it's that like plausible. There's nothing about it
That's just like oh that's wrong
Um, it might be like really hard to pull off or really unlikely but our current understanding of the math and physics like allow for that
So let me give you yeah, let me give you an example and i'm sorry
If this is spoilers just go ahead and stop listening if you don't want
I don't think it's spoilers, but i'm gonna give you an actual example where my brain is like
I don't know what to think about this the proton stuff, but like so fun different dimensions
Yeah, the sofon uh the different dimensions holding like into the tiny
Yeah
That stuff is all that like based in real science because that blew my my what
Like there are 11 dimensions. No, sorry. It's not that we know for sure. There are
11 dimensions, but we have okay sort of models of physics that require
There to be you know x or dimensions. I think the 11 dimensions think okay shrink theory, but I don't remember exactly
So like do you know how many you're gonna say something confidently either way?
So I love this conversation because I can just I can just ask you questions and you'll give me something
Uh, like art. Do you know what level we're on like how many dimensions do we actually know about okay?
So I mean that something we are
We are living in okay. It's a little hard to explain and we are three-dimensional creatures living in a four-dimensional space
That makes sense because of time yeah, because we can traverse the fourth dimension
We can traverse physical three dimensions and you can't traverse the fourth dimension if you are a oh interesting fourth dimensional being
In a fifth dimensional space you can you could traverse time exactly
By the way, this is kind of a spoiler for the book like he did. He is really far. It's not really a spoiler
But I'm saying he goes really far into this
Dimensionality idea. It's actually really brilliant. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, so maybe that gets more into it in the second book
Because I don't think we we just kind of like briefly touched on it in the first book
Okay, I'm very excited for the second book now. I'll be honest the start a little slow for me
There's so many moments in these books
Well, I guess not so much like I listened to project home area. I don't feel like there were moments in that book
Maybe he's just smarter this author and I'm dumber
With the stuff he's saying there's just like stretches where I just get so lost
And I just feel like I kind of like tune out because I I'm just not able to follow
There's the beginning of this second book. There's this whole like ant thing
And to be honest, I didn't understand a single bit of it. I think it's so be so good though
I have to go back and listen again and actually figure it out
Uh, and maybe Liz is also on that point is out
That whole ant thing has nothing to do with anything. It's just him showing off
It just felt like this
Yeah, it just felt like this whole thing this whole puzzle
It was like a little side quest
And I have to go back and listen to it again to like know what the numbers are and like figure it all out
No, it's not it's it has nothing to do with the plot
It's just he just had this thought this interesting observation
And he found a good way to express it but has nothing to do with the rest of the book
I mean yet. I got the sense that it's like this is optional. This is the thing I don't need to actually understand
Like it's interesting that like the ant is like near this conversation and like that's what a cool perspective
But like I know I didn't get it and like the numbers of things the ant was following on the ground
Like I just know I missed it
And I can't decide if I want to go back and listen to the whole thing over again
No, you don't have to there's moments like that in these books where I just feel like
I didn't need to understand that to know the plot of the book. Yeah, it was just like a cool side quest, but like
Not knowing when I should try to understand versus just like ignore it. I think with all
Creative works. There's some stuff that's for the audience and there's some stuff. That's what the author
And oh interesting, you know, sometimes the author will indulge and as they should
Um, yeah
Yeah, but anyway the second I don't know if you got did you get to hold like wall facer
Program, no, okay. No, I'm very
Basically a second book. There's this program they start and it's like so interesting the way they like
approach it
With a lot of these honesty. Oh, go ahead. As I said, with a lot of these books
Uh, I always find that
Some books like the plot is so good that you just want to know what happened
So you're just like trying to blow through it as fast as possible
And I did feel that way a lot with the with this series. So I probably ended up skimming over
stuff. So what's interesting to me is
So I listened to these books at like one and something 1.7 or whatever 1.8 speed
there's like
Different seasons because I started this book probably like two months ago
And I only listened to a little bit and then I like missed a couple weeks and then I listened to a little bit. It's like
It's hard for me to tell you
How far into the book certain parts of it are because of the different
Listening patterns like over the last week. I've listened to tonne
I listened to most of it in the last week
But like if you go back to the beginning of the book, it was two months ago and it was in little spurts
So what my observation here may be completely off like I I just have a hard time with knowing
You know the chronology of the book, but it felt like I listened to half the book
And was like this is stupid. I maybe it was the not understanding which characters were wet
It just felt so slow
And then there was some point like three-fourths of the way into the book where it was like
This is the greatest thing I've ever listened to in my life
And I'm so hooked like I have to hear every next word and I'm like super into it
But it felt honestly like that was like one chapter of the entire book
That was like the payoff and it made it so worth it
But like the rest of it was super boring to me. Does that make sense?
Yeah, I have the same issue with so I was getting so I've read a lot of
And so of all the books I've read most of them have been fiction of the fiction books
I've read most of them have been sci-fi but I've read like all the great
I've had books that always come up
Um, but I was like, okay
Let me like try to get into some fantasy stuff and I did read one fantasy book that was really good
Like I like couldn't put it down the whole thing was fantasy being like Lord of the Rings
Yeah, but like you know like more I mean like Harry Potter certainly fantasy. It's like yeah. Yeah
You know, there's like modern equivalents to that
Um, and I was really into it. So when I asked on twitter like hey, can you guys recommend me some other stuff?
And a lot of people in our circle love this author Brandon Sanderson. He comes up a lot
um like a lot of people read him
and
So I tried uh one of his books
it was really difficult because
Similarly like the middle of the book it gets crazy slow
But the payoff at the ending is so incredible
That just made all of it totally worth it
Yes, this guy's great. I love it. Let me get into the second book
Even harder like I didn't make it past the middle like
just like
So much of like just nothing happening and I know that's gonna get really good at the end
And so his name is Brendan Sanderson
and I think people have identified this about his books and they call it like a
Sander lunch or something you get like an avalanche of uh
Stuff in like 10 pages at the end
Um
But yeah, I don't know I think it takes like I would never have stuck it out through this first three body problem book
If I hadn't heard glowing reviews
It's like you just need that social proof where somebody is like this series is amazing
And that was like the the thing that kept me going it's like i'm gonna get through this book because I heard people say they like it
but it felt like
literally hours of foreplay just like
Listening to this giant book
And feeling like there's so many characters and it's so much just like vagueness and not really wanting to reveal the thing
That they're eventually gonna reveal and when they reveal it
It's all gonna be worth it, but it just felt like so much effort to get through that first half
But then yeah, you just feel like oh, I'm so glad I I stuck it out. This is getting so good. Maybe like, you know, you need that
The way to like be happy. Yeah, be good and obviously all of our attention spans are pretty bad these days. So
I didn't feel that way with three body problem. I like really didn't feel like
like I definitely felt like I really wanted to
Know the thing like in the second book there's like a thing he does in the whole book
You're just like waiting for the outcome of the thing or having him explain why he did it
And the payoff is great
But I found like the the process of that to be to be okay
But I said I can relate to that with uh with other books man, not me
I may just be a simpler simpler human from the Ozarks. Have you read other sci-fi?
I think I mean, I think I I have given you my whole history with sci-fi. So Andy Weir
Uh, so the Martian and I still have to be project hell married
That's like the one major thing that I haven't read. Yeah, everyone says it's amazing because the the movie. Yeah, you know
movie with
Ryan Gosling
I just watched Blade Runner by the way, which one both of them
I what did you think so I read
I Googled it extensively like do I need to watch the first one because I have such limited movie watching time
And I needed to know like do I need to spend two hours watching this 1982 movie? Oh my god. It's so old
I don't think I personally don't think you need to so I I hard disagree
Because I went through the pain. Maybe it's just like I'm trying to justify the time
I spent I've spent two mornings watching that first stupid Harrison Ford. Maybe it was so dumb
Uh, not so dumb. It was just like it's made in the 80s and it was like so yeah, I know it's hard to
I understand it properly. Yeah when it's watching it now. So 40 years ago. It's insane. It's insane. It's really insane. So I watched that
Because I read that it did supplement the second movie. I feel like without that knowledge that would have taken a lot out of
The plot, but maybe no what are you talking about in the second movie?
Maybe it's hard for me to watch the second movie with fresh eyes and imagine like if I don't know all the things I know
Did it explain it all enough without having watched the first one?
No, in a way, it's even better if you haven't watched the first one because you get to experience like
Well, okay one that the actual twist in the second one is so good
Uh, yeah, no that was that was really good. Yeah, I love the part where I enjoyed the second movie a lot
Did you did you like the part where the main character thought he was so special? Yeah, and then it turned out he wasn't special
Yeah, you kind of just I mean that's spoiler's a little bit, but it's okay. You've never seen it by now. Yeah, I guess that's a more recent like
People would have watched that. I think you could learn a lot from oh, you're saying I think I'm special
That was so good
You're not wrong
But then also like you don't need to know anything about Harrison Ford for that movie
I mean who he who he fell in love with. I'm sorry. That's like a huge part of the second movie's plot
But that's just that that's just another twist
For you
I watched the second one. I didn't watch it first
I'd seen the first one but like not properly and I really remembered anything from it
So I basically watched the second one that watched the first one and I thought it was really good movie
And I enjoyed it. I feel like
It's probably hard for me to like separate what I knew already and what they explained in the second movie
But I felt like my time was well spent
I'm glad I watched the first one first because I knew
Like I know Harrison Ford's character and where he came from and who he fell in love with and all that story
I felt like that was a nice context
But I guess they probably did a good job of making sure you don't have to see it because they can't assume people saw a movie 40 years ago
You know what I you know
I always pause into my head from that movie. Just that whole like baseline thing when he's like interlinked interlinked. Oh my god
That's so bizarre. Yeah
Yeah, what is something about that just like stuck to my brain and I always think about it
What does it feel like to hold your child interlinked?
That's some robot shit right there for sure
That's a good movie. It was I enjoyed it. Yeah, I'm getting into sci-fi turns out
I just like never considered what genres or what and like what I actually like
I always thought I just like dramas. That was like the broad. It's like I don't like comedy
I like drama and that was like the two categories and movies for me
There's a lot more depth to it. Yeah, so I would actually argue that sci-fi is the greatest genre
I don't think it's objective because I think it
the best works in it and maybe it's true of every genre but
Like I said earlier like being able to just
Contain all the other parts of great work. Yeah, and also do this heart the scientific
Yeah, where you extrapolate and like derive a story from like weird things that could happen like that is
Just so so so impressive. So I would ever recommend reading touching you want to get more into it
It feels like it would take and I would recommend reading Michael Crichton because that's the name I knew
I feel like he's made a lot of stuff. I actually read one of his books that I don't know if it ever became a movie
It was like swarm or it was the idea of
Swarms. What was that Michael? What's the one where they travel through time?
I feel like that you just named like a million movies. Oh, no, there's one. There's no one timeline
Uh
Swarm was it the book called swarm. Oh pray. So I read pray. I don't think it became a movie
Did it come a movie?
Interesting book. Yeah, he's he's very much a sci-fi right like he comes up with stuff that sounds
But his stuff is maybe less hard sci-fi like the Jurassic Park thing. It's like it sounds like it could happen
It's like this the thing with his stuff is I don't it's not in this category of describing
It doesn't contain
Like a crazy level of deep
Deepness to it, right? There's like sorry talking high side
Keep going. That's okay. It's like a good enjoy. It's books are good and enjoyable, but they're very straightforward
Yeah, it's not like a big mind vendor
Yeah, it's not like incorporating like philosophy doesn't like make you think about right right into like what matters in life and and all
That's a market appeal, but not for us intellectuals. We like the deeper stuff
I totally got all the stuff and three body problems. I totally understand at all. It's so good
All right, I gotta get off here. My uh my five year old he's ready to play
If you want to run an audiobook listen to Ted Chang's
Okay, I'll send you a few because you can listen to him in like a couple hours each one of the characters
All named yao and yang and yin and yu and now you're American. Okay, American
That sounds so racist, but it's just like I'm from the Ozarks and those names do not distinguish themselves enough
It's just like how they would say we all look the same and they probably think all our names sounds like is this racist?
Just cut it out of the traces. It's just a reality. Okay. It's just a reality, right?
I feel like yeah, that's just reality
It's hard for me to tell those names apart because I don't live in that culture and I don't hear those sounds all the time
So I also wonder how much the translation because like because Frank read the book in Chinese
Oh nice. You know it's Chinese
And I bet it was like a quite a different experience very different. There's stuff you can't express the same. Oh sure when you translate it
So
All right. Yeah. Thank you. All right. Goodbye. Yeah
You